# Aircraft-Conceptual-Design

This project aims on designing a logistics UAV for transportation of medical goods. The term medical goods here mainly refers to blood packets, medicines and vaccinations. The need for medical attention in remotely accessible parts of the world at times is very crucial. There are many hurdles that one has to encounter to transport the medical goods to such remotely accessible places if conventionally transported by road or manned aircrafts. These are neither economically efficient nor highly reliable in geographically challenged areas.

In this project the UAV is designed to serve in the rural areas of African regions like Tanzania, Rwanda and Juma island. Particularly focusing on Juma Island in Mwanza region, a landmass cut off from the mainland, where the world’s second largest freshwater, Lake Victoria obstructs the laying of roads for conventional transportation. Mwanza region is located in the extreme northern quarter of mainland Tanzania, bordering Lake Victoria, and includes more than 86 inhabited islands in Lake Victoria. The whole Mwanza Region has 286 health facilities spread over the area. These health facilities receive their inventory from the Mwanza city. This Juma island is 20.2 km away from the main city. The UAV would be a very apt means of transport here to deliver medical tissues (laboratory samples), blood sachets, vaccines to-and-fro from the Mwanza city to Juma island. The rapid delivery of the medical needs could save lives and also minimise the outbreak of deadly communicable diseases.

